Uh, but now they're talking about you possibly fighting TJ Dillashaw for the
bantamweight title? Uh, yeah.
Yeah. I mean his.
Talk, this talk, you know, you just hesitated and you know, they come in.
[Inaudible] it's not just talk. He wants it.
Yeah, no, I'm sure. Um, where's that at right now? Because, uh, there's a,
there's going to be a card in January out here and it was just announced.
Oh, well, when did, uh, what.
What date was that? It's the same night as the fade or Ryan Bader fight,
which me off because I wanted to go see that fight. Yeah. January 26. Yeah.
That fight is going to be at the forum and the, uh, UFC fight,
I think is at the staple center or maybe Anaheim, Anaheim,
Anaheim, Anaheim, and the pond. Oh, okay. Both here.
Both here in California. Well, just 20 million in California.
Plenty of people go around. Yeah.
Audience. Yeah. We've we've uh, I think there's been talks, but it's been,
you know, you know, we, I don't think Ali,
my manager has really truly like actually sat down and talk with the UFC.
I think, I think everybody wants to do it though.
Well, it's one of two things is going to happen there, right? It's either. Um,
I mean, now the DJ has gone to one, um,
Demetrius Johnson just left the UFC and went over to one FC in a one FC
for people who have no idea.
What we're talking about is a gigantic organization in Asia.
They are literally the equivalent to the UFC in Asia.
And although many people in America are not aware of them.
They don't know who they are. They're a huge organization overseas,
absolutely gigantic. And they do a fantastic job.
They have real high level fighters. Uh, Ben Askren was their champion.
He was undefeated over there and he had, I think at least one fight,
maybe two fights left in his contract. I forget how many,
and they made a deal and the deal was,
they take mighty mouse and we get Ben Askren.
And so that's where it's at right now. I love the deal. I love it.
I love the idea of it. I mean, um, I feel like mighty mouse, you know,
he, um,
he loves the idea of starting new and a new organization and you
know, they're gonna, Hey, that.
Nice. Yeah. All these fly with.
Exactly. And he also likes the mentality that that
organization is operated with, which is, um, respect for the martial arts.
They're not into this, you know what we saw with the Conor McGregor? Khabib,
Nurmagomedov fight all the trash talking and all the,
all the stuff that you're seeing that was becoming more and more prevalent in
the UFC. You, uh, you don't see that at all at one FC.
And that's something that, uh, mighty mouse very happy.
Yeah. I think first, I think congratulations to the Ben Askren. I think he's,
um.
Everybody's in trouble. Yeah.
It's a lot of are in trouble and can ask her to get the whole view. You're like,
why can't I get up?
Yeah. But Nashville is one of those guys that he's very,
he's a very confident,
and he's a very dangerous human being because he knows that he's going to be
very confident about. And, um, I've always told people, I says, Hey, do the,
maybe the best in the world design that UFC man. There's some do,
but I didn't even have Ben Askren that will take you down.
That will take people think could, Bebes a controls. Good up top.
You wait till you get a, you know,
four time NCA finalists to time and see a chap on top of you.
That was an eight Olympian, his teammate and an Olympian. I mean,
the dude is the dude is he's a bad match of for anybody, Joe, anybody.
No. Ben asked her in it. I mean, there's a reason why he's undefeated.
And he hasn't been hit in several fights. He was detailing women.
The last time he got hit, you know,
I had him on the podcast because I wanted to let people know about him. I mean,
I've been a big fan of bet.
Fan of Ben astrons from back when he was a belt or champion.
And if you watch his fights and belt or against chorus, cough, and, and Lima,
Lima's a beast man. And he just dominated them, just country,
Lima people up. Man. Lima is a dangerous, dangerous cat.
And Ben Askren just whoop, oh, you're on your back again. Look at that.
You can't get up and you take him punches, you know? And he's a,
it's just a different caliber of wrestling. And I've said it many, many times,
and I bet I'm sure you believe it as well.
It's the most important skill for MMA is wrestling.
It's it dictates where the fight takes place. If you want to stand up, you get,
the guy can take you down chocolate Del style.
And if you want to go to the ground,
you're the one that gets to dictate where the fight takes place.
That's if you're the superior wrestler, I mean, it's the,
the best base for MMA. I really believe that.
And especially a guy like Ben, cause I think Ben knows that his,
his strikings not that good. So he just relies on this is,
this is what I know.
I do a better than anybody and I'm going to control this and you're going to
know how I'm going to do it. You know?
So that's what I told him to expand that screen.
Dangerous. He's so dangerous. I mean,
a real bad fight for him would be someone that can figure out how to keep it
standing like Jay hair on gave him a real tough fight in Bella tour.
Cause Jay Heron is good wrestler and kept the fight standing.
I forget what his take on that fight was. We talked about it on the podcast,
but I don't think he was too happy with his training for that fight.
But you know, someone like Tyron Woodley, who's also a very good wrestler.
Who's a very dangerous striker would be a tough matchup for them,
but they're really close friends and training partners.
Yeah. Well this is another thing too on the flip side is like, uh,
Tyron's been wrestling him since for years. I think.
So he knows what the Ben Askren experience is, you know? And that's scary. Yeah.
I mean, people would be lucky to, you know,
kind of take them down if you really want to give it no take downs. He wouldn't,
he just wouldn't let people take them.
Yeah. Pettis was talking about it, you know, he's saying, listen,
it was back when Pettis was a champ. He said,
if I was forced to fight Ben Askren, he goes,
it would be a terrible fight for me.
He's like that guy just take me down and beat the out of me.
That's what he does. If Ben was to win a belt,
the 2008 Olympic team would have five belts. Henry gets to DC has to,
and, and Ben Askren we'd have one that's five UFC belts. If,
if he came into the UFC and won the belt, his teammates.
Well, they are going to open up eventually the 165 pound division,
which is what Ben is shooting for. Ben would like that division. Um, you know,
and if he said that if he had 1 65 and Tyra and kept the welterweight title,
that'd be great for him.
I just don't see the UFC doing a five pound weight difference when all the other
weight differences are so huge. I feel like the smart move would be 10 pounds.
Every, every spot, 35, 45, 55, 65, 75,
like move 70 to 75. Like when the UFC had a light heavyweight division,
initially that the division was a 200 pound division.
When Tito Ortiz first won it, I believe it was 200 pound division.
And then they raise it up to 2 0 5 and I think just,
and they needed a 1 95, 2, I really believe. And it probably a 2 25, you know,
I think that would, that would round it all out,
which probably will all happen eventually.
Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting to see how that, uh, how that unfolds.
But as of now, it's man, Ashkin,
she's going to be fighting for the belt pretty soon.
Well, he's calling out Darren till he wants to fight Darren. I love,
I love that fight. That is, that is a classic striker versus grappler matchup,
especially after tiring, just smashed him. I mean,
tiring in the hype train for Darren till we learned a lot about Darren.
Darren is a sensational Stryker, very, very dangerous striker,
but keeps his hands low, keeps his chin up high. And you know,
Tyron has proven himself to be really dangerous, even against elite strikers.
You know, you look at the Wonderboy fights. I've said this time and time again,
you look at those two fights wonder boy is known as being one of the best
strikers to ever compete in the UFC. He's got a crate.
I think it was 57 and O as a Kickbox or something spectacular like that amazing
striking skills. But yet Tyron hurt him in both fights. Both fights.
Tyron was the one who landed big shots and had Wonderboy badly hurt.
And then you look at the same thing with Darren,
till Darren Till's known as being this unbelievable striker, tiring clips,
him drops him and then strangles him. So, you know.
It, it, it, it all changes with MMA. These guys can be, these guys can be, uh,
the best, even the best wrestlers.
Like sometimes it doesn't translate to the sport. Like it takes a,
a special somebody to adapt to the sport. I mean, not just the Rustler. Yup.
And I think Tyra has, has adapted to his time to his right hand. Uh, you know,
man, if you're able to take out two strikers like that, you're the real deal.
He's unquestionably the real deal. I'm fascinating to see, uh,
whether or not neuroma Medoff and, um,
Ben Askren go at that. That to me,
I had a fight that I really, what are you saying, Floyd, man,
thanks for stopping all that nonsense. I just,
this is what we were talking about is not going to happen.
He has the same agent, listen that ain't gonna happen,
but Khabib is much more of a grappler than he is or than he is a striker.
I mean, Conner is a striker that sort of made sense. If you want.
Talk about levels. I think, uh Ben's I think Ben's par be the better,
the better grappler.
UNO. knows. That's what I want to say. No.
But there's there's levels like,
even though like they don't give black belts in wrestling there's there's
there's levels to that.
And I think Ben Ashlynn was one of the greatest folk star riders of all time.
Like that's how dangerous he is. Yeah. He's putting the best,
the best kids in the world and pretzels and submissions.
They just wouldn't get out of his, he's like a bowl constricted.
He's stunning in his ability to control guys like you. Like what the, man,
like chorus, Goff. I mean, and Lima are two great examples.
Cause you look at those guys in Bella tour and they just smash people,
but Korskoff has one of the craziest spinning back kick knockouts I've ever seen
in my life. He sent this dude flying through the air. Do you see that?
Like a couple of fights ago in the grand Prix,
you see that it's nasty.
He hits this dude a spinning back kick and literally like launches him into
space and then smashes him when he goes down to the ground. I mean,
you look at what Lima has been able to do to people.
When the Roy McDonald fight was a very close fight. Look at this, watch this,
we'll get this boom. He lost that dude.
Is that in Boise? I don't know where that was, but so chorus, cough,
you know, if you watched the chorus cough fight with,
with Ben Askren and it's a mauling it's it's,
it's just a guy just getting up. That's what that fight is.
Ben Askren just dominated him. Like absolutely dominated them.
See the dude tried to jump back and landed.
It landed right as he was in the air out Chihuahua.
Yeah. And knowing Ben and this and this got never got a punch off of Ben.
Total domination. Same as the Lima plight, Lima crushes people.
Man lean was one of the scariest strikers. I mean, and he knocked out, uh,
cough. I mean Lima smashes people.
But when you see Lima against Ben Askren, I mean,
obviously it was a younger Lima. I mean, he's got more experience now,
but the difference was so stunning. What do you, what is this?
Saskatoon Lima. No, it's not. No, no. It was the two Chinese guys, bro.
This is not Askren and Lima. You got to trust me.
This is not asking Lima either.
I'm sure the videos, but I said it was Joe being a bully. You got to trust me.
Those dudes are not the same guy, Joe, you lose your.
Patience. That it is.
There it is. Oh yeah, man.
I mean just the way he manhandled them. Like his wrestling is just,
you see guys that are used to defending take downs,
then they find themselves on their back and you say, holy, man. I think he.
Did get up kicked here. And his nose.
Got broken. Oh yeah. He got cracked. I mean he, Lima is a monster,
man. He's a super dangerous striker and he's huge for the weight class.
You stand next to Lima. You like Jesus. How do you make one 70? He strict.
And he doesn't end up in a jacuzzi at the hotel. I'm sorry.
Yeah, no, he's, he's struggling to make that weight. He's a big guy, but anyway,
point being Ben Askren, uh, at one 70 super, super interesting flight.